## The Staging Environment

When you create or change a property configuration, you are basically coding with the NGINX configuration language. NGINX configuration is mostly a [declarative language](https://tylermcginnis.com/imperative-vs-declarative-programming/) because it tries to describe the end result instead of the steps to process each request. While it has its benefits, it can also sometimes be confusing. In addition, some parts of this language are actually imperative, most notably the directives in the [rewrite module](http://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_rewrite_module.html). For a complicated configuration, it is common that you may not be sure whether the configuration will give you the behavior you expect. This is where the staging environment is handy. 

The staging environment has a few isolated CDN360 proxy servers on which you can test the property configuration. You can fully test the server’s behavior and make sure it is completely meeting your expectations before you deploy the property to the production servers. It is similar to a run-time test environment for the code you write. For your reference, here is a workflow of the [CDN360 service provisioning](http://cdn360doc.quantil.com/Content/Getting%20Started%20with%20CDN%20360/Quick%20Start.htm), and [how to test with the staging environment](http://cdn360doc.quantil.com/Content/Properties/Testing%20Your%20Property%20in%20Staging.htm). You can also purge the staging servers to test the purging behavior. The IP addresses of the staging servers can be found by running "dig staging.qtlgslb.com" in bash console.
